Add random module specification (#274)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-random: docs/spec/spec.md

# Specification: Ballerina Random Library

_Owners_: @daneshk @MadhukaHarith92  
_Reviewers_: @daneshk  
_Created_: 2021/11/09  
_Updated_: 2021/11/09  
_Issue_: [#2328](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-standard-library/issues/2328)

# Introduction

> This is the specification for the Random standard library which is used to generate pseudo-random numbers programmed in the
> [Ballerina programming language](https://ballerina.io/), which is an open-source programming language for the cloud
> that makes it easier to use, combine, and create network services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Random library is used to generate pseudo-random numbers. It is part of Ballerina Standard Library. [Ballerina programming language](https://ballerina.io/), is an open-source programming language for the cloud that makes it easier to use, combine, and create network services.
```

# Contents

1. [Overview](#1-overview)

> 2. [Random number generation](#2-random-number-generation)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. [Random Number Generation](#2-random-number-generation)
```

## 1. Overview

> This specification elaborates on random number generation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This specification elaborates on the random number generation functions available in the Random library.
```

## 2. Random number generation

> A random decimal number between 0.0 and 1.0 can be generated using the `random:createDecimal()` function as follows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A random decimal number between 0.0 and 1.0 can be generated using the `random:createDecimal()` function.
```

```ballerina
float randomValue = random:createDecimal();
```

> A random integer between the given start(inclusive) and end(exclusive) values can be generated using the `random:createIntInRange()` function as follows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A random integer between the given start(inclusive) and end(exclusive) values can be generated using the `random:createIntInRange()` function.
```
